README.md, before:

# Documents OCR  

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/DocentSzachista/PIM-project)](https://github.com/DocentSzachista/DocentSzachista/PIM-project/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DocentSzachista/PIM-project)](https://github.com/DocentSzachista/DocentSzachista/PIM-project/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DocentSzachista/PIM-project)](https://github.com/DocentSzachista/DocentSzachista/PIM-project/stargazers)
## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [License](#license)
- [Mockups](#mockups)
## Overview
 
Documents OCR (Optical Character Recognition) allows you to to scan documents via smartphone's camera and  convert it into pdf or text file format. You can later add it to your google drive.  

## Requirements

App will be written in Flutter framework so you it will run either on Android or IOs device 

## Milestones 

TBA 

## Mockups 

Mockups for the app were done in the most professional graphical editor that ever existed. Being serious, it was made to give us some insights what kind of product we are aiming.  

![Mockups for our beatiful app](./mockups/mockup.png "Mockup")

## License

**TBA**

Commit message:

Add milestones and link to license

README.md, after:

# Documents OCR  

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/DocentSzachista/PIM-project)](https://github.com/DocentSzachista/DocentSzachista/PIM-project/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DocentSzachista/PIM-project)](https://github.com/DocentSzachista/DocentSzachista/PIM-project/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DocentSzachista/PIM-project)](https://github.com/DocentSzachista/DocentSzachista/PIM-project/stargazers)
## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Mockups](#mockups)
- [License](#license)

## Overview
 
Documents OCR (Optical Character Recognition) allows you to to scan documents via smartphone's camera and  convert it into pdf or text file format. You can later add it to your google drive.  

## Requirements

App will be written in Flutter framework so you it will run either on Android or IOs device 

## Milestones 

- [ ] Take or load photos and retrieve data from them.
- [ ] Login through Google account and connect with Firebase, where images, texts will be stored.
- [ ] Export data to Google Drive
- [ ] All views are working.

## Mockups 

Mockups for the app were done in the most professional graphical editor that ever existed. Being serious, it was made to give us some insights what kind of product we are aiming.  

![Mockups for our beatiful app](./mockups/mockup.png "Mockup")

## License


Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.
